Update get-snapshot-status.md (#6572)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/snapshots/get-snapshot-status.md

* `GET _snapshot/_status` returns the status of all currently running snapshots in all repositories.

> * `GET _snapshot/<repository>/_status` returns all currently running snapshots in the specified repository. This is the preferred variant.

Reviewer: Why is this the preferred variant?

> * `GET _snapshot/<repository>/_status` returns all currently running snapshots in the specified repository. This is the preferred variant.

Reviewer: Why is this the preferred variant of this command?

Author: @harishbhakuni  - do you know why this is the recommended option?

> * `GET _snapshot/<repository>/<snapshot>/_status` returns detailed status information of a specific repository, regardless of whether it's currently running or not. 

Reviewer 2: specific repository -> specific snapshot

:--- | :--- | :--- |
| shards_stats | Object | See [Shard stats](#shard-stats). |
| stats | Object | See [Snapshot file stats](#snapshot-file-stats). |

> | shards | list of Objects | List of objects containing information about the shards that include the snapshot. Properies of the shards are listed below in bold text. <br /><br /> **stage**: Current state of shards in the snapshot. Shard states are: <br /><br /> * DONE: Number of shards in the snapshot that were successfully stored in the repository. <br /><br /> * FAILURE: Number of shards in the snapshot that were not successfully stored in the repository. <br /><br /> * FINALIZE: Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the finalizing stage of being stored in the repository. <br /><br />* INIT: Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the initializing stage of being stored in the repository.<br /><br />* STARTED:  Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the started stage of being stored in the repository.<br /><br /> **stats**: See [Snapshot file stats](#snapshot-file-stats). <br /><br /> **total**: Total number and size of files referenced by the snapshot. <br /><br /> **start_time_in_millis**: Time (in milliseconds) when snapshot creation began. <br /><br /> **time_in_millis**: Total time (in milliseconds) that the snapshot took to complete.  |

Reviewer 2: don't see any diff in this.

> | shards | list of Objects | List of objects containing information about the shards that include the snapshot. Properies of the shards are listed below in bold text. <br /><br /> **stage**: Current state of shards in the snapshot. Shard states are: <br /><br /> * DONE: Number of shards in the snapshot that were successfully stored in the repository. <br /><br /> * FAILURE: Number of shards in the snapshot that were not successfully stored in the repository. <br /><br /> * FINALIZE: Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the finalizing stage of being stored in the repository. <br /><br />* INIT: Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the initializing stage of being stored in the repository.<br /><br />* STARTED:  Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the started stage of being stored in the repository.<br /><br /> **stats**: See [Snapshot file stats](#snapshot-file-stats). <br /><br /> **total**: Total number and size of files referenced by the snapshot. <br /><br /> **start_time_in_millis**: Time (in milliseconds) when snapshot creation began. <br /><br /> **time_in_millis**: Total time (in milliseconds) that the snapshot took to complete.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| shards | list of Objects | List of objects containing information about the shards that include the snapshot. OpenSearch returns the following properties about the shards. <br /><br /> **stage**: Current state of shards in the snapshot. Shard states are: <br /><br /> * DONE: Number of shards in the snapshot that were successfully stored in the repository. <br /><br /> * FAILURE: Number of shards in the snapshot that were not successfully stored in the repository. <br /><br /> * FINALIZE: Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the finalizing stage of being stored in the repository. <br /><br />* INIT: Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the initializing stage of being stored in the repository.<br /><br />* STARTED:  Number of shards in the snapshot that are in the started stage of being stored in the repository.<br /><br /> **stats**: See [Snapshot file stats](#snapshot-file-stats). <br /><br /> **total**: Total number and size of files referenced by the snapshot. <br /><br /> **start_time_in_millis**: Time (in milliseconds) when snapshot creation began. <br /><br /> **time_in_millis**: Total time (in milliseconds) that the snapshot took to complete.  |
```
